(Episode 17)
What's wrong?
So?
"So"?
It's an occupational disease.
Someone is watching us.
I'm trying to leave evidence.
- Aren't you going to date anyone? - I should be asking you that.
I feel like you'll be really popular among women.
I recently got rejected.
I also got turned down by a woman right before I came to Paris.
She said work comes before love.
I want a family of my own.
I feel like...
I'd be able to live happily with you.
I have a man that I love.
He called me.
(On Jung Sun)
Do you want to pick up the phone?
It was his last phone call.
Your problem is that you think too much.
How long are you going to be on your own with shapeless emotions?
Your reality right now is me.
Do you want to sleep together?
Sure.
(Temperature of Love)
- 5, 4, 3, - 4, 3,
- 2, 1. - 2, 1.
Hyun Soo, what are you doing?
Are you sleeping already?
I have to sleep.
You didn't even spend time with me.
I need to sleep.
We said we'd sleep together.
Help me understand what you're saying.
Kyung, please let me be just for today.
Today was the best day of my life.
Okay.
What should I do?
It's okay. Calm down.
Why are you crying?
I started this so we could have fun. You can't cry.
I lose all my strength after I cry.
Then it reminds me of things that make me sad.
It sometimes helps to cry, Joy.
You sound exactly the same.
We should eat now. Should I cook?
No, let's just order in.
Come outside.
My gosh, he's outside.
I look like a mess, don't I? I didn't even wash my hair.
I'll keep him occupied. Hurry up, and put some makeup on.
Okay, I'll be right out.
- Okay. Hurry up. - Wait.
Let me see.
- Hyun Soo. - Yes?
He just left after leaving this in front of our house.
What is it?
Hyun Soo, I know you like spicy food.
Eat this while you work.
The caramel is for when you're running low on sugar.
Gosh, it's so cute.
That's so cute.
Can I have a bite?
What are you doing here?
I took a cab here.
How can you just leave after leaving me tteokbokki?
What else was I supposed to do?
Well, you weren't really meant to do anything.
Should I give you a ride back?
No, it's okay. You must be really tired from cooking.
Okay. Bye, then.
My gosh, seriously.
When did you learn how to play hard to get?
That's why you should choose your answers wisely.
Fine.
Let's go.
Are you staying home today again?
No, Mr. Park said he wants to see me.
What about you?
I will be working.
My gosh.
It's been a while since you last came.
I'll explain to you our new seasonal menu.
It's a lunch course with 2 kinds of snacks, and 4 kinds of main menus.
Then you'll be ending your meal with a dessert.
- Min Ho, come over here. - Okay.
Ms. Lee Ga Young. When you made a reservation, you said that...
- you're allergic to nuts, right? - Yes, I did.
(Allergic to nuts)
Ha Sung, there's a batch of puree made for people who are allergic.
Bring me that. Also, bring me some macadamia puree.
- Yes, Chef. - Kyung Soo.
We need to make four servings of Root Vegetable Salad.
Yes, Chef.
(Root Vegetable Salad: A salad made with root vegetables)
This is for the customer who's allergic to nuts.
Use this to plate the right puree for her.
What are you doing, Ha Sung?
Yes, Chef.
Ha Sung, check the lobster!
Okay, Sous-chef!
Here.
Chef.
Where's the plate for our allergic customer? I told you to separate it.
It's on the far-right side.
Are you sure this is it?
Yes.
- This is for the allergic customer. - Okay.
- You're right. - Here's your meal.
It looks delicious.
Hello, Mr. Park.
Hey, it's been a while.
Please sit down.
Your look matches the chilly weather today.
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
Let's produce this.
It's the first melodrama script you ever brought to me.
I only recently stopped writing for "Unruly Detectives".
You wrote this way before that.
I liked reading this script because it felt really unique.
I'd be honored if you decide to produce this.
Then let's do it. You can continue writing the next script for this.
Okay.
Hong Ah is going to be using...
the studio you used to use.
I'll write at home before things get organized.
One more thing.
Hong Ah will be joining the writing team for "Unruly Detectives".
I'm sure Hong Ah...
will be of great help to the writing team.
"Unruly Detectives" is everyone's project now.
We can't just let it fail.
But...
I don't want her to change the original storyline of my script.
I can't promise you that.
That's up to Hong Ah.
I'll try talking to her myself.
What are you doing today?
I should work.
I see that you've been working when I was busy trying to get back up.
I'll repay you by writing a great script.
[VIU Ver] E17 Temperature of Love "Torn Between Love & Friendship"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I wanted to see you, but didn't expect to see you here.
I wanted to see you too. We must have a connection.
Aren't you here to see Mr. Park?
Yes. I came to sign the contract.
It won't take long to sign.
Can you wait a little?
(Ji Hong Ah)
(Park Jung Woo)
I look forward to working with you.
Me too.
- This is really nutty and good. - Right?
It's fresh too.
I think this is the best fine dining restaurant.
This is so good.
- No. No. - What?
What's wrong?
I feel strange.
It's itchy.
You're having an allergic reaction. Excuse me! Excuse me!
What's wrong with her? Didn't you take out the nuts?
Call 911! Hurry!
I'm sorry.
- Call 911 now. - Okay.
Chef, you have to come out.
Did you take out the macadamia nuts for table five?
Oh, no!
Were you intending to kill her?
How can you call yourself a chef?
- I'm sorry. - Did you call 911?
Yes, we did.
This won't do. She can't wait for the ambulance.
Let's take her to the hospital. Bring my car keys.
Okay.
Here, here.
- Won Joon, you take over here. - Okay.
Did you order for me?
I did.
Thank you.
You're so strange.
Life seems so easy for you.
You must remember only the things you want to remember.
Nothing appears good to you because of your situation. I'll understand.
My perspective isn't skewed. I'm more peaceful than ever.
"Unruly Detectives"...
I sent you all my finished scripts.
Don't borrow anything from my story.
But Hyun Soo,
if the characters are the same, the story may end up being similar.
They aren't things only you can think of.
Still, don't do it.
You can avoid it. You're smart.
It's all copyrighted, so the law is on my side.
I have evidence that I sent you all the scripts.
You're being too fussy.
If this show doesn't do well, On Entertainment will see damages too.
Mr. Park did so much for you.
You always get the main point.
I feel like giving in when I think of Mr. Park.
But I become more resolute when I think of you.
Hyun Soo.
Did you forget what you did to me just a while ago?
How could you treat me as if nothing happened?
I resolve everything face to face. I don't hold things in.
It was all resolved that day.
Then let me fuss about it now.
It's uncomfortable to ask this,
so I held it in even though I wanted to ask.
Even when you said bad things about Jung Sun.
When did I say bad things about Jung Sun?
He's a playboy.
He studied abroad since he was little.
Furthermore, France is much more liberal than here.
You can't ignore a person's environment.
Do you have any idea how much he flirted with me at first?
Even if he likes you, you shouldn't say yes to him.
What are you talking about?
It's what you said about Jung Sun.
Don't you remember?
No, I don't.
As you know, I have great memory.
You do.
I really liked you and valued you.
I accepted your words about Jung Sun.
And I stopped the feelings I had for him.
I loved him, but I took it lightly.
And I paid a huge price for it.
I still wanted to understand you, since you were in a bad situation.
You kept losing competitions, but people had a lot of expectations.
I thought you'd change once things got better for you.
You and I had good times together.
I still like you, but...
I was jealous.
I hated that I got jealous over you.
I hated myself,
so I hated you more for making me hate myself.
But...
I liked spending time with you, so I tried to be nicer to you.
But then when I saw you succeed,
I felt small and hated myself.
And I kept hating you more. What was I supposed to do?
You could have just not seen me.
I tried,
but I wanted to know what you were up to.
I'd hate you, I'd try, I'd hate you again, and I'd try again.
But now that things are better for me,
I won't have any more of those internal conflicts.
I am appalled.
Gosh. Why isn't Hyun Soo coming?
But don't you work?
I'm waiting.
But I feel like you're less nice, Writer Hwangbo.
What do you mean by that?
You're saying strange things.
I'm hungry.
- Before I never had to say that... - Oh, come on!
Why are you so pitiful, Director Kim?
I like ramyeon and dumplings.
Oh, my gosh.
A boiled egg would be nice too.
You just love boiled eggs. You're so countrified.
Aren't you from Seoul?
Before my mom ran away,
she boiled a dozen eggs for me.
When I was little I used to hate eggs.
But I love them now.
Why are you telling me that? It's too personal.
It just came out.
I bet you seduced a lot of women with that.
They always fall for it.
Pity is the best pickup line.
You sell off your family story to pick up women?
Hyun Soo is here.
Goodness.
We almost died waiting for you.
Why would you wait?
Your piece...
I'm going to direct it.
You're going into a show already?
It's a script I wrote before, "Kind Soup".
Mr. Park wants to produce it.
Do it with me, Hyun Soo.
I read the script again. It's so fun.
That's why I came here.
- Hyun Soo, we need to talk. - Okay.
What's wrong? What's with this hesitancy?
I'm good at shooting romance.
There's no better director for it.
You have to work with directors who like your work.
I love it.
Hyun Soo, you can't have him direct it.
He gets weirdly artsy.
He'll turn the romance script into a thriller.
And what about the lighting?
Everyone's faces will be lit in green!
Writer Hwangbo,
I almost cried.
- Director Kim. - That's not it.
Okay.
If you want it that bad, I'll do it. Don't worry.
Thank you for your constructive criticism on my directing.
Give me boiled eggs now.
Okay.
This is really good, but it's not enough.
You can always make more for yourself, Writer Hwangbo.
This was given to us.
We gave up the few we have for you.
Oh is that the case?
You gave up a few for me because I'm worth it?
You should have said so.
What's wrong with you?
Because your reaction is funny.
Bingo.
Why do you want to work on this piece?
It's a little unique.
The emotions between the couple is alive, and it's exciting.
I like that it's a sad ending.
I'm going to fix it into a happy ending.
No, you have to stick with the sad ending.
But how did you come up with the nickname Kind Soup?
Oh gosh, wait. I had something I needed to do,
but I couldn't.
Hey, Hyun Soo.
What are you doing?
She had trouble breathing...
because of an airway obstruction due to allergic reactions.
I gave her a shot, and she's becoming stable again.
You don't need to worry anymore.
Thank you.
When can she get discharged?
I'll tell you after I see how she recovers.
I'm really sorry.
Since this happened after you started appearing on TV,
I can't help but blame this on that.
We liked it better when there were less customers.
You're not full of vanity, are you?
No.
I'll pay for the entire hospital fee.
You can also charge me for all the additional treatments.
Let's clean up, and take a break for a while.
Then let's get ready for dinnertime.
I did as I was told and left the plate at the far-right side.
So it wasn't my fault.
Then are you saying it was Chef On's fault?
I never said that.
I'm just saying that it wasn't my fault.
I'm responsible for everything that happens in the kitchen.
Our customer's okay now.
It was an allergic reaction.
Thank you for taking care of it.
I need to be clear about what happened today,
so that we can prevent this from happening again.
Ha Sung said he left the plate on the far-right side.
Who moved it?
I... I...
I think I moved it when I was placing the desserts.
I'm really sorry.
Then I just trusted what Ha Sung told me...
and confirmed the dish without checking it myself.
There was a problem with our communication.
Let's not forget to lock eyes when we communicate even if we're busy.
- Okay, Chef. - Okay, Chef.
(Mom)
What are you doing?
I'm eating tteokbokki.
(What are you doing?)
Hello, I'm Chef On Jung Sun.
You don't have a fixed schedule for the next shoot, do you?
No, not yet. You'll be competing against the chef that wins...
the upcoming episode.
I'd like to get off the show now.
I just called you in advance to let you know beforehand.
I wanted to let you know before you fixed the next schedule.
Why?
It'll be good for you to appear on TV.
Didn't the sales for your restaurant increase?
It increased a lot.
But it's because of something else.
Okay. I'll call you back after I discuss it with the director.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
(What are you doing?)
What are you doing?
I'm drinking water.
I wrote this three years ago, so we need to do new research.
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
We can collect information from Chef On.
I noticed that his restaurant is full of good-looking chefs.
I'm so excited.
I'm drinking water.
He's drinking water.
Who is?
Is that a subject someone can even talk about?
Exactly.
What's the big deal about drinking water?
I have something to tell you.
I know I saw you this morning, but I came to see you again.
Welcome. I'm sorry.
I don't have much time because I need to get ready for dinnertime.
It's okay.
Please have a seat.
It feels as if this place is my home.
Here.
I hope you like it.
They say people run away if you buy them shoes.
I bought them so that you'd come running to me.
Aren't you going to try them on?
You're supposed to try on presents at the spot.
How did you know my size?
Here's a hint. You need to be careful of your close friends.
- Won Joon told you? - Yes.
How does it look?
I like it.
I should be the one to like it. Why are you liking it for me?
I need to like it first because I'm the one who gave it to you.
I lost.
Thank you for this and everything else.
I was caught in a complicated situation,
but you just made me feel better.
I'm glad to hear that I made you feel better.
What happened?
Things are still quite complicated,
so I can't tell you anything yet.
Okay, Mr. Cold-hearted.
Then I'll you something first.
I'm going to be writing for a drama again.
There's a script that I had written a long time ago.
You could say that...
I wrote this script based on my experience.
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
"Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls".
Is Kind Soup supposed to be me?
That's right.
When did I not pick up? You're the one who didn't pick up.
Do you think you're allowed to write whatever you want?
Yes. That's why I enjoy writing.
I used my imagination as a writer.
But I don't really like the title.
Why not?
It feels it'll have a sad-ending.
Are you expecting someone?
It's my mom.
What should I do?
Do you feel pressured?
Well, not exactly.
But I'm scared.
Why?
Because I want her to like me.
You don't need to act a certain way to make someone like you.
Even if that's my mom.
Okay?
Okay.
What were you doing? What took you so long to open the door?
I heard you were here. I got worried when you didn't open...
Hello.
Why are you wearing different shoes on each foot?
Did you get a present from her?
I'll be off now. You two can talk.
- I'll walk you out. - No, it's okay.
Aren't you going to introduce her to me?
Forget it if she's not anyone special.
She's my girlfriend. Her name's Lee Hyun Soo.
Hyun Soo, she's my mom.
Hello.
You already said hello to me earlier.
You must enjoy greeting people.
I'm sorry. I'm just really nervous.
Mom.
Yes, Son?
You know my personality, right?
Yes, of course.
Let's drink tea together.
Jung Sun will have to leave to prepare for dinnertime anyway.
Okay.
(Episode 18 will air shortly.)